about.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
on_header: yes
icon: icon-credit_card
---
<div class="about-photo-box">
    <img class="about-photo" src="/images/photo.jpg" alt="Christopher Randall Wells" />
</div>

{::options parse_block_html="true" /}
My name is Christopher Randall Wells, and I am an aspiring computer programmer. I am a freshman at [SUNY Oswego](http://www.oswego.edu/), and am pursuing a degree in Computer Science.

## Background
I first started learning computer programming through an online summer course on Java that I took at [Hudson Valley Community College](https://www.hvcc.edu/), and unfortunately I didn't take too well to learning Java at first. However, about a year or so later I started teaching myself Python through [Codeacademy](https://www.codecademy.com), and had quite a bit of fun doing so.

Perhaps one of the biggest influences I had in developing my knowledge of computer programing is through my experiences with the open source Minecraft clone, [Minetest](http://www.minetest.net/). Through playing and modding Minetest I started to get a better understanding of the processes around programming, such as using version control software (in my case [Git](https://git-scm.com/)). I also learned a lot about open source development.

Through talking with other Minetest moders and developers I was eventually introduced to Linux. After hearing a lot about how highly some people regarded Linux in comparison to Windows, I eventually decided to give it a try.

The first Linux distro I tried using was Ubuntu (13.10 Saucy). By using Ubuntu as my main operating system I started to get a better sense of how computer operating systems work. Ubuntu felt like it was a good bit more involved of an operating system than Windows, and I was able to get more accustomed to things like the terminal, which I would rarely touch in Windows.

These days I tend to use Ubuntu as my main operating system, however I also dual-boot Windows 7 in case I need to run any Windows-specific programs.

Nowadays I am studying Computer Science at SUNY Oswego.

## Languages
The following are the programming languages that I know to some degree.

### Python
Python is the programming language that I am most skilled in. I have sort of a beginner's proficiency in it, but am able to learn more about it as I use it. The largest project I have used Python in is [Jekyll Helper](https://excaliburzero.github.io/jekyll-helper/).

I learned most of my knowledge of Python through Codeacademy's tutorials on Python, as well as through my work on various side-projects in which I used Python.

### Lua
Lua is a programming language that I am somewhat familiar with. I have worked with Lua mainly through making mods and source contributions to the open source game Minetest.

### English
English is my native language. While many might not consider it a very good language because of its numerous inconsistent rules and specifications (remit == send || remit == withhold, inflammable == flammable, etc.), I do consider it worth noting.

### German
I do know a bit of German, as I have taken courses through middle school and high school on it, however my knowledge of it is at somewhat of a low level. However, I do occasionally use my knowledge of German to attempt translate programs that I make.

Commit message:

Added information on Java and C to about page
Added some information on my knowledge of Java and C to the Languages section of the About page.

Closes #44

about.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
on_header: yes
icon: icon-credit_card
---
<div class="about-photo-box">
    <img class="about-photo" src="/images/photo.jpg" alt="Christopher Randall Wells" />
</div>

{::options parse_block_html="true" /}
My name is Christopher Randall Wells, and I am an aspiring computer programmer. I am a freshman at [SUNY Oswego](http://www.oswego.edu/), and am pursuing a degree in Computer Science.

## Background
I first started learning computer programming through an online summer course on Java that I took at [Hudson Valley Community College](https://www.hvcc.edu/), and unfortunately I didn't take too well to learning Java at first. However, about a year or so later I started teaching myself Python through [Codeacademy](https://www.codecademy.com), and had quite a bit of fun doing so.

Perhaps one of the biggest influences I had in developing my knowledge of computer programing is through my experiences with the open source Minecraft clone, [Minetest](http://www.minetest.net/). Through playing and modding Minetest I started to get a better understanding of the processes around programming, such as using version control software (in my case [Git](https://git-scm.com/)). I also learned a lot about open source development.

Through talking with other Minetest moders and developers I was eventually introduced to Linux. After hearing a lot about how highly some people regarded Linux in comparison to Windows, I eventually decided to give it a try.

The first Linux distro I tried using was Ubuntu (13.10 Saucy). By using Ubuntu as my main operating system I started to get a better sense of how computer operating systems work. Ubuntu felt like it was a good bit more involved of an operating system than Windows, and I was able to get more accustomed to things like the terminal, which I would rarely touch in Windows.

These days I tend to use Ubuntu as my main operating system, however I also dual-boot Windows 7 in case I need to run any Windows-specific programs.

Nowadays I am studying Computer Science at SUNY Oswego.

## Languages
The following are the programming languages that I know to some degree.

### Java
Java was the first programming language that I learned, and it is the one which I am most proficient in. However, I have yet to make any notable projects using Java currently.

### Python
Python is the programming language that I am most skilled in. I have sort of a beginner's proficiency in it, but am able to learn more about it as I use it. The largest project I have used Python in is [Jekyll Helper](https://excaliburzero.github.io/jekyll-helper/).

I learned most of my knowledge of Python through Codeacademy's tutorials on Python, as well as through my work on various side-projects in which I used Python.

### C
C is a language which I am slightly familiar with. I began learning C through a programming course I took in high school. I have worked with C a bit since then, but I am not very proficient in it.

### Lua
Lua is a programming language that I am somewhat familiar with. I have worked with Lua mainly through making mods and source contributions to the open source game Minetest.

### English
English is my native language. While many might not consider it a very good language because of its numerous inconsistent rules and specifications (remit == send || remit == withhold, inflammable == flammable, etc.), I do consider it worth noting.

### German
I do know a bit of German, as I have taken courses through middle school and high school on it, however my knowledge of it is at somewhat of a low level. However, I do occasionally use my knowledge of German to attempt translate programs that I make.
